But what about enemy shove gas in your base?
Answer: Gas Mask and cleanup procedures

Almost every item you can think of, will either effect how succesful a base defense is, or put said defense to the test

Cause if all the enemy has to fight said base is a gun, maybe some explosives you're just making the base defender's job easier

JIDS, and any other name for it should be to not just make defending easier,but to give more dynamics to defending a base as well as more dynamic ways to attack a base

You want to tear gas or nerve gas a fool? Do that
If they cant handle it, they're ill-prepared and need to prep for it next time.

You want a more "cloak & dagger" playstyle? Wear some hulking, slow moving body suit that makes you dissapear off the sights of sentries and sap them

Asshole got mines fucking everywhere? Put on a EOD suit, defusal kit, and mine detector and go to town

Dude using the radio to bomb the shit out of you? Work on jamming him tell he forgets about even the ability to airstrike out of frustration

Want to eavesdrop on that base you plan to take out? Pop a sticky micro-camera in there or point a directional mic at the base to hear what's up

Dipshit just running big ass armor to raid your base? Crush him with a prop trap, his armor cant help against weight. Or, fucking tear gas him, he has to decide helmet or gasmask, Or nerve gas, so he HAS to take off the helmet. Maybe A tripwire that, once set, unfreezes a prop, Like a fucking log trap, Or, get a real sturdy tripwire, and have the asshole LITTREALLY trip over it. Imagine how long it takes to stand up with several 100 pounds of armor on you?

Want to go full anarchist and torch a guy out? Molotovs.
Asshole torching you out? Fire suit

Cant find someone who keeps trying to raid you? Radar
Want to find a asshole to raid? Raidar (AKA Raid-R)

No matter how much you add to base defense, there's little change without base offense

Most Gmod players are just gonna attack constantly with guns if they dont have some heaping helping tools at their disposal

Already, The Defensive part is done
But the Raider's are lightyears behind without some lovin for them too

Having equal amounts for both raider tools and Baser tools, the more varied and dynamic a situation can, and eventually will become
Tipping it too much on one side or another, easily dumbs it down or frustrates the whole "Base/Raider economy"

For base defense, poison gas can be used as a last resort, or as a trap. For example, if all else fails, there could be a designated "safe zone" for the survivors, and the gas is flooded the base. As for outdoor bases, im unsure. Maybe as some sorta dirty bomb or some shit.
